this is a confirmed femme fatale calm
today I like to share with you the art
of making the perfect bunny sandwich but
we are getting very popular in the US
and you'll find bunny shops everywhere
in the Bay Area and I've seen a lot of
them in New York and I'm going to show
you how easy it is to assemble at home
so let's start today I'm gonna make the
filling with Vietnamese meatballs
it's called assumed isaak/sakai and here
it is it's still warm and it smells very
good
we'll need a baguette I bought it but
you know if you want to make it at home
you can follow the recipe on my cookbook
it's aptly called bed meat
and here's what we're gonna make today
is the people filling today we're gonna
need the signature element of the binary
which is pickled daikon and carrots so
we're gonna need the daikon first here's
how it looks like if you don't have the
icon and you can use like a substitute
you could use radishes but or just care
and we're gonna peel it first
there you go get an eye
yeah you go make the long ribbon like
slices of the radish I think that's
enough but God just with the same thing
with carrots got carrots and here's I
care that by the Margay was so cute
staying there do you sign but anyways so
you don't want the carrot peels to be
too thin because you'll lose some of the
crunchiness of the carrot
so I use a you know like fairly hot
thick peeler so let's do the same with
the carrots so the daikon in the carrots
are just a substitute of the French
Bonjour
in the traditional jumbled jumbled bell
sandwich and basically the it's because
the the French pickles were so expensive
that Vietnamese people try to find
ingredients that they could that were
available inland and just to make them
taste as closely as possible as the
costly French products so it's not that
complicated to just cut into space all
you have to do is use your knife as a
leverage you point to the tip of the
knife and there's and just like do that
like motion back and forth and you'll
have those like thin string in no time
so I'm gonna get the same thing with the
daikon let me show you a close-up so you
can see it better
let me get the carrots out okay I'm
gonna get it all put all the carrots and
the daikon together
let's move this cutting board over here
you can add a little white vinegar or
lemon juice I would usually put white
onion but this version decided not to go
with the onions because I'm gonna add a
little bit of mint and bean sprout
instead let's add the sugar and mix it
together
the other element of a bun Mesa which is
the butter so try to use a quality
butter and Vietnam the most sought out
and ingredient is the bell potent which
is the butter from Brittany so I got
awesome European Irish butter but you
know anything could work it's really
yellow and I just put it to a lunatic
this it is easy to spread I got a
baguette I'm gonna remove some inside so
we can put a lot of the other filling
inside we just spread a little bit of
butter see and then spread it and one
side the other side we're gonna use
mailings I just made it and it's still
getting like a little thick so I'm gonna
thin it with more line you want
something that is very refreshing in the
line really brings that bright taste to
the condiment
I'm gonna spread the Mayo on the other
side we have some mint so this is
Vietnamese mint you know the the veins
are a lot deeper than the regular mint
and I planted it myself but you can find
spearmint at the Asian grocery store or
just use regular mint and I'm gonna use
cilantro so I'm gonna tear the knees if
you decide to cut them it will bruise
the leaves and they'll darken a lot
faster so let's do this the pickled
carrots are ready they're gonna be
crunchy and very tasty I added a little
bean sprout for extra crunch we're gonna
add the meatballs look how delicious
they look and then add just to get your
element with the carrots and pickle
daikon you're gonna add a little bit of
and close a sandwich the last thing is
to add a little drizzle of Maji which is
holstered soy sauce you can find it in
many Asian grocery store it's a little
pricey this one was $20 a bottle but if
you don't have it you can add just
regular soy sauce but this is such a
pretty expensive product because it's
imported from France but you don't have
to use much and you can use soy sauce so
it added a little saltiness to the bread
there you go my sandwich is ready it's
so yummy the meatball is very soft and
the crunchiness from the carrot I'm
convinced Brown add that marvelous
texture to the sandwich
so see how it is to assemble I hope you
liked the video if you want to see more
recipes of the but me you can buy my
book on Amazon and I'm in Barnes &
Nobles and I'll be doing a lot of book
signing locally and nationwide so I've
posted on my website I hope you like it
if you want more of the videos you can
post some of the comments down below you
can please share like the video and
subscribe for more tutorials I hope to
see you soon I get up
ciao
but my whoopsie